hello this is Miss links links meet
everyone caller links because she's in
my opinion part wildlings cat part cute
baby of mine this is my favorite place
on set welcome everyone may I please
introduce you to the craft service truck
coffee blueberries fruit food Anthony hi
Anthony you know wait open that again
was it back in their baked goods craft
service is truly the most amazing place
unsuitable class and this is my dressing
room okay you've been warned I when I
first got here painted painted my one of
my walls with chalkboard and right
before taylor kinney left he wrote me a
little message he's such a sweetheart
and that's all my friends everybody just
comes into my room and just writes
messages on my wall when I'm not here my
closet there's my sixties dress yeah
it's very sleep I lunch and now it's the
last few finishing steps don't worry I'm
wearing short shorts but see that little
guy right there that is a wire they give
me the wire and I have to like hide it
underneath and I put it in my back and I
have to like squeeze it up and like put
it between you know in a place that you
guys aren't allowed to see
it comes out from here it hangs until I
get set all right now we're off to set
nice hey PG okay smaller TV
you